hello today our release
quadrics and that should not be rude
saying buy up to save you
money
let's start with the most interesting here
here is a quadcopter then this equipment
because as i have already lost at the end
there will be a video like how it flew away from me and
I just do not know, I will tell you briefly
it is controlled like this with one hand
fly it better only at home or rather
even hang at home just because
fly it very difficult here is we
turning a couple I take it turns out
it turns out to be tilted right to left
back to press
single switch our consumables and
here we have a flip button that answers
there is gurgling and principle ok yes then
eat hanging at home ok somehow
you can try to fly a little at home
but on the street only in calm because
very bad tilt angles just about
what it is today here we have the wind
I flew today colonel him even
didn't take it off because i tried on it
somehow fly on the street but it's not that
I understand it does not work in general, I
I think if you bought this quadric then
30 battery can be you learn
braid normally but such a thing
that with one hand you can control both
so this is a big minus and let's say
signal is not very far signal
I also disappeared because I flew away
some time away he is not
reacted completely yes then raskina
appeared that is about nothing
I do not recommend the purchase that is not even for
only one hardware remained
pull out in fact at quadrics number
yes I forgot his standard equipment
equipment without a screen on the left
key we switch our consumables
there and on the right switch do flip
all principle there is nothing more
there is no this quadric he is born
beautiful looking before protection here
cold cap inside the battery we
nothing is visible a button here we have everything
clearly everything is cool to the house we fly well in
principle flies at home spinning well
we are turning
hit let's say yes everything is fine but
going out right away you need to remove the protection
because the street is simply unrealistic with
it fly and what a blunted and understand
in we fly we turn it like this
how he talks he doesn’t fall down
protection we get an open fee and us
I have nowhere to put the battery
just put on top and tape as
Wound yes you can of course you can
do if you protect
absolutely no need to cut off like this
her around and leave it will be quite
not bad and the battery will be attached
top and lid will remain
but as if it were only a collective farm and already
protection we will never have protection
have the lights shine on us blue and
red and it happens without protection from
but the principle is here so you can fly
type quite well yes let's say
average speed
absolute but very easy to get lost
because we do not understand the day before
behind
it flies one ray forward and forward
very difficult to understand
really it is necessary well addictive
requires speed weak strong
the wind will not fly absolutely so
This quadric has a lot of minuses
he has but few advantages
on time just like its competitors
but I do not know again for this price tag
better to buy
sun of life the same 385 388 eyelashes
2 with a camera, it is a case more expensive
in short, I don’t know either
consider because we get
constantly we need to fly protection
only at home well, that is to train
for a house it is possible to fly on the street
it does not get pleasure understand
there are fins from which i get
pleasure even micro yes I go that vegetable
from fun fly now have some fun
it's not that quadric because no
the pleasure of flying is absolutely
some kind of struggle with him constantly where
front and back against the wind we do not fly
blunted we fell about bad bad nor about
than
new jazzy seemed about nothing waiting
391 which are bigger in size
like that on the wreath will be yes in general
Here are the 2 square which is not worth
consider shopping, I think so
you can make videos useful before
say no plus and minus
but immediately well, not worth it for the money there
much better all thanks to all
attention to new meetings
so about gazku turn to us
cant tilting as much as possible
oh hike i won't find it anymore so
so where the front and back do not know
everything figured out very, very difficult
understand the case before him where his ass
initially well and then too
let's leave here now
weak little flies and against the wind
very bad
very bad management is very difficult
understand his day before and ass a little bit
we should be distracted
and there is no gas somewhere on the pancake
I'll see for a second now
stop
somewhere percent 5 10 plus minus gas
no on hardware
very inconvenient to decline this is also a minus
I feel the sun, I have not lost anything
see no see no see so means quad
nothing to buy or not to decide only
to you but I wouldn’t have bought it
x x ha ha that's just barely going against the wind
very very slowly
caught